fix: enable own secret on resource-discovery (#114)
promitor/charts: promitor-agent-scraper/README.md

| `extraVolumes`                          | Pass extra volumes to the promitor deployment                            | `[]`
| `resources`  | Pod resource requests & limits |    `{}`    |
| `secrets.createSecret`  | Indication if you want to bring your own secret level of logging | `true`            |

> | `secrets.secretName`  | Name of the secret for Azure AD identity secret  | `""`            |
> | `secrets.appKeySecret`  | Name of the secret key for Azure AD identity secret | `azure-app-key`            |

Reviewer: Let's provide a description that is correct:
```suggestion
| `secrets.secretName`  | Name of the Kubernetes secret containing the Azure AD identity password | `""`            |
| `secrets.appKeySecret`  | Name of the key in the Kubernetes secret with the Azure AD identity password | `azure-app-key`            |
```

Reviewer: We can merge once this is in
